Why is this a .Txt file?
Doesnt matter.Anthony said so. Hail Git.

Kyle Pinkham
DGM-2670
Romrell, Anthony
8.25.2017

	Why you should "'Git' Gud"

Git is incredible in the sense that you can have a very easy to manipulate workspace with
the ability to coordinate with other (Large) groups of people. In large production pipelines, 
this can make a huge difference in the ability to create content without messing up the entire
project as a whole. But why Use Git? Why does Anthony have a secret shrine in his office dedicated
soley to octocats and other Git paraphernalia?

Because If you have a branch, you cant mess anything up. Let me repeat this- If you commit under 
a branch and not in the main area, you cannot lose your data. You can't mess it up because its 
only working under the branch you work on for that feature. This is invaluable when you are dealing
with students who have all different ideas on how things should work when our main tool is going
to be working "by doing" with instructor guidence and support.

In addition, if one person (Anthony in this case) has access to the main Repo (ours only being forks
of said repo) Then *we* also cant screw anything up for the rest of our team. Thats actually really
cool. Also, Git- as frustrating as it can be for new users, is used pretty much everywhere. Git in
some form (many of which can be utilized using gitkraken as a gui interface) is used In major coding
projects pretty much everywhere, which makes the entire thing a little bit more appealing to use.

In addition to the above benefits- It's extremely lightweight. there aren't a lot of different nuainces
that make using github or gitkraken heavy on your computer which is great if you are commiting a lot 
to a project. Git krakens Gui also helped me wrap my head around the way branches can work for coding 
in larger teams.

I dont really know enough about coding to elaborate on this. Git lets you branch, test things, fix
conflicting code merges, allow for good, clean file transfers, is extremely lightweight, supports
a lot for fixing projects from multipule angles to make sure it doesnt get completely destroyed by 
one person's collab on the project, and is recognized by a Kraken, which is obviously the best feature
of gitkraken.




-Kyle Pinkham